This is an Virtual COM example that demonstrates Communication Device Class (CDC)
Abstract Control Model (ACM) on USB Device.

It demonstrates a bridge between USB Virtual COM Port and UART port on the
evaluation board.

Detailed description is available on:
www.keil.com/pack/doc/MW/USB/html/dev_cdc_tutorial.html

Board:                  Keil 'MCBSTM32E'
Microcontroller:        ST   'STM32F103'
Clock Settings:         XTAL   = 25 MHz
                        CPUCLK = 72 MHz
                        USBCLK = 48 MHz
Bridge functionality:   USB <-> UART2 (COM0)

The PC will install a Virtual COM Port on the PC (see Driver Installation).
After installation an additional port "MCBSTM32E USB VCOM Port(COMx)"
can be found under System/Hardware/Device Manager/Ports(COM&LPT).
Number "x" is not fixed as different PC configuration may have different
"x" displayed in the device manager. The USB Host driver assigns "x"
dynamically based on the existing COM port configuration in the system.

Testing the USB Virtual COM Port:

  Connect USB Host PC with USB cable to USB connector on the embedded board.
  Connect PC UART Port with UART cable to COM0 connector on the embedded board.
  Open two Serial Terminal applications in Windows:
    -  one with "MCBSTM32E USB VCOM Port(COMx)"
    -  one with PC UART Port
  Data sent from one Serial Terminal application should be received in other and vice versa.

The program is available for target(s):

  - STM32F107 Flash: Downloads to and executes from internal Flash

Important Note: MCBSTM32E does have routed flow control pins on the UART
                but resistor R35 is not populated thus this example does
                not use flow control so it is possible that this example
                will loose characters because of not using flow control


Driver Files:
-------------
    - mcbstm32e-vcom.inf : Driver setup information.
    - mcbstm32e-vcom.cat : Digitally signed driver catalog file for Host PCs.

Note : Digitally signing of the driver catalog file is required to install
drivers on 64-bit PCs using Windows Vista or later Windows versions. Please
refer to Microsoft documentation for further information.


Driver Installation:
--------------------
     "Welcome to the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - select 'No, not this time'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Search for the best driver in these locations'
     - check  'include this location in the search'
     - set to <project folder>
     - press 'Next'

     "Hardware Installation" appears
     "has not passed Windows Logo testing..."
     - press 'Continue Anyway'

     "Completing the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - press 'Finish'
